complicated always it
that's just the way it goes
like a weasel
I wonder
hey guys so I'm a Marmite
so today's video is going to be a hair
makeup and DIY costume video for Ariel
or The Little Mermaid and I'm talking
really loudly because there's a some
type of
interruption sake
bapak so you guys are going to be seeing
how I recreated Ariel's makeup her hair
and a DIY costume which is very
inexpensive and I'm just gonna warn you
that I have I'm showing my whole tummy
basically but I want to tell you that I
do live in Southern California so it is
still warm and I can get away with this
but if you live in a different or region
then I definitely recommend going with
just a straight up tank top or
long-sleeve shirt because it's gonna be
cold at night you know what I'm saying
so you know I mean this is just cuz I
live in California I can like go pretty
much like butt-naked which I wouldn't on
the streets what okay what am I saying
so I hope you guys enjoy it and of
course I find it helpful if you try this
out for Halloween make sure to post a
picture to my Twitter or my facebook
page there will be links in the
downwards the down bar to both of those
but if you do this for Halloween I
really want to see what it looks like on
you guys
first you're going to want to start off
by priming your eyelids to ensure that
your eyeshadow lasts throughout
Halloween night now we're going to be
taking a rock WA marine colored
eyeshadow this is from covergirl it's
very inexpensive and I'm going to be
applying that on my lid and working it
up into my crease next I'm taking milk
by NYX this is a jumbo eyeshadow pencil
and I want to highlight my dog just need
to start so just highlight your inner
corner now take a blue eyeliner and line
your lower lash line with that now for
the upper lash line go ahead and take
any greenish seafoam colored liquid
eyeliner and apply that to your upper
lash line and slightly winged it out now
to add some detail which is definitely
optional and totally up to you go ahead
and draw little dots on the side of your
eye kind of by your winged out eyeliner
and this just gives a cool little effect
I think so now go ahead and curl your
lashes and apply a couple coats of your
favorite mascara to your upper and lower
lashes now for blush I recommend a red
color apply this with a heavy hand so
that it really stands out when you're
walking around on Halloween night for
lips I'm using Revlon's kissable balm
stain in sweetheart I think this is a
gorgeous color and it definitely will
stand out on Halloween night when it's
pretty dark outside now it's time for
you hair and the wig so I'm giving you
guys two options you can either die the
tips of your hair
red with a temporary spray I got this at
Rite Aid and what I'm doing is just
simply spraying it to the bottom of my
hair you can actually do this all over
if you want to but I just did it at the
ends of my hair it's so vibrant and it's
the color of Ariel's hair it's really
cool so if you don't want to wear a wig
this is a great option so that's how my
hair turned out and I think it looks
really cool so if you don't want to do
the wig definitely try this out so for
the wig I got mine at Target it was ten
dollars so I think that's pretty good a
lot of wigs at other places are really
expensive so Target is definitely one of
my favorite places to get Halloween wigs
so for the DIY mermaid costume you're
going to need some sheer blue material
you're going to need some sparkly
material and you're also going to need
some green shimmery fabric of your
choice start by taking your green fabric
and measuring to see where you want your
tail to be I'm just going to use a
safety pin to pin mine because honestly
I'm not gonna wear this again so I just
kind of wanted to pin it and get it over
with
instead of like gluing the crud out of
it if you know what I'm saying cuz that
can be really tedious so I just used a
safety pin now I'm gonna take my
scissors and cut off the excess fabric
so that it's not like dragging when
you're walking around you don't want to
have like a Traip drape a trait a great
behind you so people are like tripping
all over you now you're going to take
your sheer blue material and you're
going to gather it with your fingers and
scrunch it up and Bobby not Bobby safety
pin that to your fish tail and this
gives it kind of like a mermaid tail
effect I came up with this by myself I
was just like I don't know how to make
this I'm just gonna try this it actually
really looks cool
now with the sparkly blue material go
ahead and fold that in half and we're
going to be placing this over our bando
if you have a blue one this will work
perfectly if you don't you can just do
it over your bra but I think it is going
to work a little bit better if you have
a bando to place it over so now that we
have that we are going to make it look a
little bit more area less if that's a
word I don't think it is but I'm just
just go with it so take a leftover strip
of fabric and go ahead and cinch it in
and you just tie it in a couple knots
and that makes a perfect Ariel top it
kind of just makes it look a little bit
more like a bathing suit top I think so
that is the completed DIY costume that's
so inexpensive
and if you are of the younger age or you
don't want to show that much skin or
it's just really dank old where you live
definitely just go with a long-sleeve
sparkly blue shirt or a tank top
I recommend comfortable shoes for
Halloween even if it's your grandma's
slippers you know if you don't have
comfortable shoes on you're not gonna be
able to walk around hence you're not
gonna be able to get candy and then hey
what's the point you might as well just
go with your grandma slippers
I got to think of my bubs I've got 20 is
that the number I bet my neighbors are
confused right now as to why I'm singing
like a weirdo in my backyard with a red
Clifford the Big Red Dog red wig on yeah
yeah hello whoa ha my legs
oh no how I dig this red wig but has
like a little little quiff going on
right here I kind of feel like I kind of
feel like Zayn with this quick except
it's not as high as his I think this is
more like a this more like a Niall quiff
or Liam's old quiff but yeah uh that was
off point or off top off topic hot topic
what
complicated always it
that's just the